Unnamed: 0	Text	Class
11	"(h) ""MARKS"" means all domain names, trademarks and
logos designated by a party for the other party's use in
conjunction with such other party's performance under
this Agreement.  Marks designated by 2TheMart for
i-Escrow's use are referred to herein as ""2TheMart
Marks"" and Marks designated by i-Escrow for 2TheMart'
use are referred to herein as ""i-Escrow Marks.""
"	Obligations
17	"2. DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION.
"	Obligations
20	"Once approved, the parties shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to
diligently implement their respective
obligations under the SOW.  Upon completion
of its duties under the SOW, a party shall
notify the other party and provide the other
party with the opportunity to test and
evaluate its work. i-Escrow shall make
available the Shadow Site for such testing
in a timely manner. Each party shall
reasonably cooperate with the other party in
effectuating their respective duties under
the SOW.  The Information Transfer Mechanism
shall not go live until its operation has
been approved (""Approval Date"") by both
parties, such approval not to be
unreasonably withheld.
"	Obligations
28	"After Launch Date, 2TheMart will widely promote the Services:
"	Obligations
30	"(b)  By adding links to Co-Branded Site in FAQ
section of 2TheMart auctions.
"	Obligations
31	"(c) By adding links to Co-Branded Site on the
seller listing pages of 2TheMart auctions.
"	Obligations
40	"6.1 CONTENT. 2TheMart hereby grants
to i-Escrow a worldwide,
non-exclusive right to use, reproduce,
distribute, publicly perform, publicly
display and digitally perform the 2TheMart
Content soley with respect to  and in
conjunction with the Co-Branded Site all
with the prior written consent of 2TheMart,
for the term of this Agreement.  i-Escrow
hereby grants to 2TheMart a worldwide,
non-exclusive right to use, reproduce,
distribute, publicly perform, publicly
display and digitally perform the i-Escrow
Content on or in conjunction with 2TheMart
auctions.
"	Obligations
42	"6.3 TRADEMARKS.  Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement: (a) i-Escrow hereby grants to
2TheMart a non-exclusive, nontransferable
right to use the i-Escrow Marks (including
without limitation the Domain Name) in links
to and advertisements and promotions for the
Co-Branded Pages or the Services; and (b)
2TheMart hereby grants to i-Escrow a
non-exclusive, nontransferable right to use
2TheMart Marks (including without limitation
the Domain Name) on the Co-Branded Pages,
and for the performance of  Services.
"	Obligations
44	"owner may specify that certain pages of the other
party's web-site may not contain the Marks.
Title to and ownership of the owner's Marks
shall remain with the owner.  The receiving
party shall use the Marks exactly in the
form provided and in conformance with any
trademark usage policies.  The other party
shall not take any action inconsistent with
the owner's ownership of the Marks, and any
benefits accruing from use of such Marks
shall automatically vest in the owner.  The
other party shall not form any combination
marks with the other party's Marks.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent
that the Domain Name is deemed a combination
mark, neither party shall use the Domain
Name for any purpose except as expressly
provided herein or attempt to register the
Domain Name, and the parties will jointly
cooperate on any enforcement action of
infringement of the Domain Name.
"	Obligations
48	"6.6 CONTENT STANDARDS. 2TheMart shall not provide any
2TheMart Content, and i-Escrow shall not provide any
i-Escrow Content, that: (a) infringes any
third party's copyright, patent, trademark,
trade secret or other proprietary rights or
rights of publicity or privacy; (b) violates
any law, statute, ordinance or regulation
(including without limitation the laws and
regulations governing export control, unfair
competition, antidiscrimination or false
advertising); (c) is defamatory, trade
libelous, unlawfully threatening or
unlawfully harassing; (d) is obscene,
harmful to minors or child pornographic; (e)
contains any viruses, Trojan horses, worms,
time bombs, cancelbots or other computer
programming routines that are intended to
damage, detrimentally interfere with,
surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any
system, data or personal information; and
(f) is materially false, misleading or
inaccurate.
"	Obligations
66	"9. INDEMNITY.  Each party (the ""Indemnifying Party"") shall
indemnify the other party (the ""Indemnified Party"")
against any and all claims, losses, costs and expenses,
including reasonable attorneys' fees, which the Indemnified
Party may incur as a result of claims in any form
by third parties arising from the Indemnifying Party's
acts, omissions or misrepresentations to the extent that the
Indemnified Party is deemed a principal of the Indemnifying
Party.  In addition, 2TheMart shall indemnify i-Escrow against
any and all claims, losses, costs and expenses, including
reasonable attorneys' fees, which i-Escrow may incur as a result
of claims in any form by third parties arising from 2TheMart
Content.  In addition, i-Escrow shall indemnify 2TheMart against
any and all claims, losses, costs and expenses, including
reasonable attorneys' fees, which 2TheMart may incur as a result
of claims in any form by third parties arising from i-Escrow
"	Obligations
68	"Content and or the Services provided to Customers.  The
foregoing obligations are conditioned on the Indemnified Party:
(i) giving the Indemnifying Party notice of the relevant
claim, (ii) cooperating with the Indemnifying Party, at the
Indemnifying Party's expense, in the defense of such
claim, and (iii) giving the Indemnifying Party the right to
control the defense and settlement of any such claim, except
that the Indemnifying Party shall not enter into any
settlement that affects the Indemnified Party's rights or
interest without the Indemnified Party's prior written approval.
The Indemnified Party shall have the right to participate
in the defense at its expense.
"	Obligations
94	"                        EXHIBIT A
"	Obligations
100	"                                                                  Execution Copy
"	Obligations
