Unnamed: 0	Text	Class
0	END OF CONTRACT	Nature of Consideration
1	"                CO-BRANDING AND ADVERTISING AGREEMENT
"	Nature of Consideration
4	"(a) ""CONTENT"" means all content or information, in any medium,
provided by a party to the other party for use in conjunction
with the performance of its obligations hereunder, including
without limitation any text, music, sound, photographs, video,
graphics, data or software. Content provided by 2TheMart
is referred to herein as ""2TheMart Content"" and Content
provided by i-Escrow is referred to herein as ""i-Escrow Content.""
"	Nature of Consideration
6	"(c) ""CUSTOMERS"" means all users who access Co-Branded Site.
"	Nature of Consideration
9	"(f) ""INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM"" means the
mechanism by which 2TheMart transfers to i-Escrow
information to populate the applicable i-Escrow
transaction and user registration forms.
"	Nature of Consideration
12	"(i) ""SERVICES"" means i-Escrow's implementation
and performance of the Escrow Services as of the
Effective Date, as modified over time.
"	Nature of Consideration
15	"(l) ""TRANSACTION INQUIRY"" means a Customer's
submission of i-Escrow's standard New Transaction
Inquiry form (or its successor) on or through the
Co-Branded Pages.  Currently this means entry of a
description and price of merchandise by a user (buyer
or seller) who agrees to abide by the terms and
conditions of the Services, together with email address
of the other party, regardless of whether or not
any Transaction is completed.
"	Nature of Consideration
18	"2.1 OVERVIEW.  As set forth herein, 2TheMart will promote
Services to its auction users (buyers and sellers),
and i-Escrow shall develop Co-Branded Site,
and develop the Information Transfer
Mechanism working with 2TheMart to make
Services available seamlessly to Customers.
Unless otherwise specified, each party shall
be responsible for all development, hosting
and other costs associated with the pages
resident on their servers and all emails to
users they send.
"	Nature of Consideration
19	"2.2 INITIAL INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM DEVELOPMENT.
The parties shall negotiate in good faith to determine
the initial operation of the Information
Transfer Mechanism and to describe such
operation and development fees, in a
statement of work (""SOW"").  Each party shall
make available sufficient and qualified
engineers to negotiate the SOW.  No SOW
shall be binding on the parties unless
mutually approved by both parties.  In the
event that the parties are unable to agree
to an SOW within 2 months following the
Effective Date, either party may, in its
sole discretion, terminate this Agreement by
providing written notice.
"	Nature of Consideration
21	"2.3 LAUNCH TIMING.  Each party shall use good faith
and reasonable efforts to expeditiously develop the
Co-Branded Pages and the Information
Transfer Mechanism.  In the event that,
after using such efforts, the Launch Date
has not occurred within 4 months following
the Effective Date, either party may
terminate this Agreement by providing
written notice.  If
"	Nature of Consideration
22	"only one party has used good faith and reasonable development
efforts, only that party may exercise the
foregoing right to terminate.
"	Nature of Consideration
23	"2.4 RESTRICTIONS ON COMMUNICATIONS.  i-Escrow may place
banner advertising on the Co-Branded Site
upon prior written approval of 2TheMart,
which shall be at the discretion of 2TheMart.  All
advertising revenue arising from the banner ads shall be
solely i-Escrow's.  i-Escrow shall not run
banner advertisements on the Co-Branded Site
for any of 2TheMart's competitors. 2TheMart
shall provide in writing, a list of companies they would
like to exclude, including every time
they wish to change this list.
"	Nature of Consideration
24	"2.5 SERVICE PERFORMANCE OF INFORMATION TRANSFER
MECHANISM.  The parties each shall in good faith work to
provide reasonable service levels with respect to the
operation of the portions of the Information Transfer
Mechanism in their control.
"	Nature of Consideration
26	"2.6 PROGRAM REVIEW MEETINGS.  The parties shall meet, at
least once per month either in person, or by telephone, to
coordinate the implementation of this agreement over time.
"	Nature of Consideration
27	"3. PROMOTION.
"	Nature of Consideration
29	"(a) To every seller and high bidder through means
including, but not limited to, end of auction
emails containing links, such that, it shall be
possible for the buyer or seller to initiate a
Transaction Inquiry with i-Escrow, without
having to re-enter all their personal or
transaction related information.
"	Nature of Consideration
32	"(d) By displaying a text or graphic link to a
page containing information about Services on
all auction item pages and bidding pages to
educate bidders about i-Escrow. 2TheMart
may use the ""Escrow Services Description"" attached
in Exhibit A for creating such a page.
"	Nature of Consideration
33	"5. PAYMENT.
"	Nature of Consideration
34	"5.1 ADVERTISING FEES.  After the Launch Date,
i-Escrow shall pay 2TheMart advertising fees based
on the number of Transaction Inquiries. This advertising
fees shall consist of a per Transaction Inquiry
amount calculated by multiplying 0.025% by
the amount of the average Transaction from
all Customers in the preceding quarter. The
formula for arriving at the per Transaction
Inquiry amount may be revised from time to
time during the term of this Agreement to
reflect present market conditions (""the
Adjusted Rate""), but only by mutual
"	Nature of Consideration
35	"consent of the parties after good faith discussions.
The Adjusted Rate shall be added as an
addendum to this Agreement.
"	Nature of Consideration
36	"5.2 REPORTING.  Within two (2) weeks following the
end of each calendar quarter, i-Escrow shall provide
to 2TheMart a report, describing for each quarter: the
number of new registrations through the
Co-Branded Pages; the number of Transaction
Inquiries from Customers; the total number
of Transactions from such inquiries; the
total dollar value of the Transactions.
"	Nature of Consideration
37	"5.3 AUDIT RIGHTS. i-Escrow shall keep for one (1) year proper
records and books of account relating to the
computation of advertising payments owed to
2TheMart (including, as appropriate, the
computation of the size of average
Transaction).  Once every twelve (12)
months, 2TheMart through a CPA may inspect
and audit such records to verify reports.
Any such inspection will be conducted in a
manner that does not unreasonably interfere
with i-Escrow's business activities and with
no less than fifteen (15) days notice.
i-Escrow shall within two (2) weeks make any
overdue payments disclosed by the audit.
Such inspection shall be at 2TheMart's
expense; however, if the audit reveals
overdue payments in excess of ten percent
(10%) of the payments owed to date, i-Escrow
shall immediately pay all cost of such
audit.
"	Nature of Consideration
38	"6. RIGHTS AND STANDARDS.
"	Nature of Consideration
41	"6.2 CONTENT OWNERSHIP.  Except as otherwise provided in
this Agreement, as between 2TheMart and i-Escrow:
(a) 2TheMart and its suppliers retain all
rights, title and interest in and to all
intellectual property rights embodied in or
associated with the 2TheMart Content, and b)
i-Escrow and its suppliers retain all
rights, title and interest in and to all
intellectual property rights embodied in or
associated with the i-Escrow Content and
Co-Branded Site.  There are no implied
licenses under this Agreement, and any
rights not expressly granted are reserved.
Neither party shall exceed the scope of the
rights granted hereunder.
"	Nature of Consideration
43	"6.4 TRADEMARK RESTRICTIONS.  The Mark owner may
terminate the foregoing rights if, in its reasonable
discretion, the other party's use of the
Marks tarnishes, blurs or dilutes the
quality associated with the Marks or the
associated goodwill and such problem is not
cured within ten (10) days of notice of
breach; alternatively, instead of
terminating the right in total, the
"	Nature of Consideration
45	"6.5 LIMITS ON SUBLICENSING.  All rights (under any
applicable intellectual property right)
granted herein are not sublicenseable,
"	Nature of Consideration
47	"transferable or assignable.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, either party may use a third
party web host, but all actions or failures
to act of the web host that would be a
breach of this Agreement, were the actions
or failures to act taken by the applicable
party, shall be deemed a breach of this
Agreement.  In addition, 2TheMart may grant
sublicenses to companies that 2TheMart has a
business relationship with to the extent
that 2TheMart Content is visible from such
company's web-site through a link or other
means.
"	Nature of Consideration
49	"6.7  SERVICE STANDARDS. i-Escrow will comply with
all laws and regulations and act as an Independent Escrow
Agent as per the guidelines of California Escrow Law
(California Financial Code Section17000 et seq., or its
successor).  Should any of the terms, conditions or
provisions of this Agreement conflict with the California
Escrow Law, its rules or regulations, which govern
i-Escrow's business practices, the California
Escrow Law shall prevail. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, at any time that i-Escrow reasonably believes
such a conflict exists, i-Escrow will give 2TheMart
written notice of such conflict and the parties
will use their best efforts to resolve such conflict.
"	Nature of Consideration
50	"7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.  EACH PARTY PROVIDES ALL
MATERIALS AND SERVICES TO THE OTHER PARTY ""AS IS.""  EACH
PARTY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
TITLE, NON-
"	Nature of Consideration
51	"INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY ANDFITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Each party acknowledges that it
has not entered into this Agreement in reliance upon any
warranty or representation except those
specifically set forth herein.
"	Nature of Consideration
52	"8. TERM AND TERMINATION.
"	Nature of Consideration
53	"8.1 TERM.  The term of this Agreement shall continue for
one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier
terminated as provided herein. This Agreement may be
renewed for any number of successive one (1)
year terms by mutual written agreement of
the parties prior to the conclusion of the
term of this Agreement.  A party wishing to
renew this Agreement shall give the other
party notice thereof no less than thirty
(30) days before the expiration of the term
then in effect.  In the event that either
party does not give such notice, the term of
this Agreement shall be automatically
renewed for another one (1) year.
"	Nature of Consideration
55	"8.2 TERMINATION FOR BREACH.  In addition to other remedies that
may be available to it, by providing written notice, a party
may immediately terminate this Agreement: (a) if the other party
materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure that
breach within sixty (60) days after receiving written
notice of the breach, or (b) as provided in Sections 2.2  [INITIAL INFORMATION TRANSFER MECHANISM DEVELOPMENT],
2.4  [RESTRICTIONS ON COMMUNICATIONS], or 12.4.
"	Nature of Consideration
56	"8.3 TERMINATION FOR CHANGE IN COMPANY STRUCTURE.  If a
majority of the equity securities of either 2TheMart or
i-Escrow, Inc. (except that i-Escrow may sell all or a
majority of its equity securities or voting interests
to i-Escrow.com, and i-Escrow.com may sell all or a
majority of its equity securities or voting interests
to i-Escrow's existing shareholders, without triggering
the foregoing) are acquired by another company during
the term of this Agreement either company may terminate
this Agreement, without liability, by giving a thirty
(30) days written notice to the other party.
"	Nature of Consideration
57	"8.4 TERMINATION FOR BANKRUPTCY. Either party may terminate
or suspend this Agreement effective immediately and without
liability upon written notice to the other party if
any one of the following events occurs:
"	Nature of Consideration
58	"(a) the other party files a voluntary petition in
bankruptcy or otherwise seeks protection under any
law for the protection of debtors;
"	Nature of Consideration
59	"(b) a proceeding is instituted against the
other party under any provision of any
bankruptcy laws which is not dismissed within
ninety (90) days;
"	Nature of Consideration
60	"(c) the other party is adjudged  bankrupt;
"	Nature of Consideration
61	"(d) a court assumes jurisdiction of all or a
substantial portion of the assets of the other party
under a reorganization law;
"	Nature of Consideration
62	"(e) a trustee or receiver is appointed by a court
for all or a substantial portion of the assets
of the other party;
"	Nature of Consideration
63	"(f) the other party becomes insolvent, ceases or
suspends all or substantially all of its business; or
"	Nature of Consideration
64	"(g) the other party makes an assignment of the
majority of its assets for the benefit of its creditors.
"	Nature of Consideration
65	"8.5 EFFECTS OF TERMINATION.  Upon expiration or termination
of this Agreement for any reason: (a) all rights granted
herein shall terminate, (b) i-Escrow shall pay all amounts
owed to 2TheMart within six (6) weeks of termination,
and (c) each party shall remove the other party's content
and Marks from their servers.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, unless this Agreement was terminated for a
material breach, all provisions of this Agreement shall
survive to the extent necessary for i-Escrow to complete
any Customer transactions which are pending at the time
of expiration or termination.  Sections 1, 7,  8.5  [EFFECTS OF TERMINATION], 9,
10, 11 and 12 shall survive expiration or
termination of this Agreement.
"	Nature of Consideration
69	"10. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY.  EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF A
BREACH OF SECTION 11, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS
(HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF THE PARTIES ARE
AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
"	Nature of Consideration
71	"other party within ten (10) days of
disclosure.  Each party shall hold the other
party's Confidential Information in
confidence and shall not disclose such
Confidential Information to third parties
nor use the other party's Confidential
Information for any purpose other than as
required to perform under this Agreement.
Such restrictions shall not apply to
Confidential Information which (a) is
already known by the recipient, (b) becomes,
through no act or fault of the recipient,
publicly known, (c) is received by recipient
from a third party without a restriction on
disclosure or use, or (d) is independently
developed by recipient without reference to
the Confidential Information.  The
restriction on disclosure shall not apply to
Confidential Information which is required
to be disclosed by a court or government
agency. Upon expiration or termination of
this Agreement, within fourteen (14) days of
the other party's request, each party will
return all Confidential Information and
other deliverables to the requesting party.
"	Nature of Consideration
72	"12. GENERAL PROVISIONS.
"	Nature of Consideration
73	"12.1 GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement will be governed
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
California without giving effect to conflict of laws
principles.  Both parties submit to personal jurisdiction
in California and further agree that any cause of action
arising under this Agreement shall be brought in a court
in Orange County, California.
"	Nature of Consideration
74	"12.2 SEVERABILITY; HEADINGS.  If any provision herein is held
to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the
remaining provisions will continue in full force without being
impaired or invalidated in any way.  The parties agree to replace
any invalid provision with a valid provision that most
closely approximates the intent and economic effect of the
invalid provision.  Headings are for reference purposes only and
in no way define, limit, construe or describe the
scope or extent of such section.
"	Nature of Consideration
75	"12.3 PUBLICITY.  Prior to the release of any press releases or other
similar promotional materials related to this Agreement, the
releasing party shall submit a written request for approval to the
other party with a copy of the materials to be released, which
"	Nature of Consideration
77	"request shall be made no less than three (3) business days prior to
the requested release date.  A party shall not unreasonably withhold
or delay the granting of its approval of such materials,
and such approval shall be provided to the other party within one
(1) business day of receipt
"	Nature of Consideration
78	"12.4 FORCE MAJEURE.  Except as otherwise provided, if performance
hereunder (other than payment) is prevented, restricted or
interfered with by any act or condition whatsoever beyond the
reasonable control of a party (a ""force majeure event""), the
party so affected, upon giving prompt notice to the other party,
shall be excused from such performance to the extent
of such prevention, restriction or interference.  However, if a
force majeure event interferes with the operation of this
Agreement for sixty (60) days or more, either party can terminate
this Agreement, without penalty.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the occurrence of any force majeure event shall not
limit either party's obligations under Section 9 with respect to
any third party claim as to which the other party seeks
indemnification.
"	Nature of Consideration
79	"12.5 INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS.  The parties are independent
contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-
employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship is
"	Nature of Consideration
80	"intended or created by this Agreement.  Neither party shall
make any warranties or representations on behalf of the other
party.
"	Nature of Consideration
81	"12.6 NOTICE.  Any notices hereunder shall be given to the
appropriate party at the address specified below or at such other
address as the party shall specify in writing.  Notice shall
be deemed given: upon personal delivery; if sent by fax, upon
confirmation of receipt; or if sent by a reputable overnight
courier with tracking capabilities, one (1) day after the date of
mailing:
To i-Escrow:            i-Escrow, Inc.
                        1730 South Amphlett Blvd., #215
                        San Mateo, CA 94402
                        Fax no. (650) 638-7890
                        Attention:  President
"	Nature of Consideration
82	"With copy to:           Fred M. Greguras, Esq.
                        Legal Counsel of i-Escrow
                        Fenwick & West LLP
                        Two Palo Alto Square
                        Palo Alto, CA 94306
"	Nature of Consideration
84	"11.7 COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in one or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and
all of which shall be taken together and deemed to be one
instrument.
"	Nature of Consideration
85	"12.8 GOOD FAITH.  The parties agree to act in good faith with
respect to each provision of this Agreement and any dispute
that may arise related hereto.
"	Nature of Consideration
86	"12.9 ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS/INFORMATION. The parties agree to
sign and/or provide such additional documents and/or information
as may reasonably be required to carry out the intent of
this Agreement and to effectuate its purposes.
"	Nature of Consideration
87	"12.10 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. The rights and remedies
provided herein will be cumulative and not exclusive of any other
rights or remedies provided by law or otherwise.
"	Nature of Consideration
88	"12.11 NONWAIVER.   No failure or forbearance by either party to
exercise any right or insist upon or enforce performance of
any obligation hereunder shall be deemed a waiver or
relinquishment to any extent of that or any other right or
obligation, in that or any other instance; rather, the
"	Nature of Consideration
90	"same shall be and shall remain in full force and effect.
Any waiver of any right of a party or any obligation of the
other party hereunder must be made in a writing signed by the
arty waiving such right or obligation.
"	Nature of Consideration
91	"12.12 ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement contains the entire
understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the
transactions and matters contemplated hereby, supersedes
all previous Agreements between i-Escrow and 2TheMart
concerning the subject matter (except for the Confidential
Agreement Dated January 4 1999, which shall survive this
Agreement).  No amendments or supplements to this Agreement
will be effective for any purpose except by a
written Agreement signed by the parties.  No party hereto
has relied on any statement, representation or promise of any
party or with any other officer, agent, employee or
attorney for the other party in executing this Agreement
except as expressly stated herein.
"	Nature of Consideration
95	"               ESCROW SERVICES DESCRIPTION
"	Nature of Consideration
96	"Successful completion of a transaction involves exchange of merchandise
with payment. The buyer has to be satisfied he/she received what they
thought they were getting and the seller has to be sure he/she
gets paid. i-Escrow holds payment from the buyer in trust until the
seller sends the merchandise to the buyer. Once the buyer
accepts the merchandise, i-Escrow forwards the payment to the
seller by writing a check.  A typical escrow transaction:
When an auction ends, your end of auction email contains links to
i-Escrow. Once you have signed up with i-Escrow   you go
through the following steps to complete your transaction.
1.   Start a transaction by entering the description and price of the
merchandise along with email address of the other party.
2.   The other party receives an email from i-Escrow requesting an
acknowledgement of the terms of the transaction.
3.   Once the transaction is acknowledged by the other party, the
buyer pays i-Escrow the agreed upon price, by credit card or other means.
4.   i-Escrow informs the seller that payment has been received, requesting
them to ship the merchandise directly to the buyer.
5.   The seller provides i-Escrow with the tracking number of the shipment.
6.   The buyer receives and accepts the merchandise.
7.   i-Escrow sends the check to the seller.
"	Nature of Consideration
97	"For more information about I-Escrow, visit their web-site at www.iescrow.com
"	Nature of Consideration
99	END OF CONTRACT	Nature of Consideration
